### scala.concurrent.Future

From this release forward Dispatch uses the standard `Future`
interface that was introduced in Scala 2.10 and backported for Scala
2.9.3. This required some breaking changes in the API, but the
migration is straightforward.

#### Imports

The shortest import is now this:

    import dispatch._, Defaults._

The `Defaults` object includes an implicit `ExecutionContext` that is
required to do almost anything, and a `Timer` that is required for
retry operations. If you prefer to use your own context or timer, do
not import these.

#### Configuration

Since the execution context is now determined at the call site, the
relevant parameters from the `Http` case class have been dropped.

#### Deprecation

The type `dispatch.Promise` is now a deprecated alias to
`scala.concurrent.Future`. The type `dispatch.Future` is another alias
to `scala.concurrent.Future`. (This allows our wildcard import to
continue to import all the basic required types.)

#### Enrichment

The beloved `either`, `option`, and `apply` methods of
`dispatch.Promise` are provided through `EnrichedFuture`. They work
the same as before.

#### Abort, retry, fail?

The retry functionality has been significantly, necessarily
altered. It is still undocumented so you probably aren't using it
anyway, but it has [tests][retry] now!

[retry]: https://github.com/dispatch/reboot/blob/master/core/src/test/scala/retry.scala#L55

### Documentation

The [weather service example][weather] that is used throughout the
documentation has been updated to use the Weather Underground API,
instead of the Google weather API that went offline some time ago.

[weather]: http://dispatch.databinder.net/Abstraction+over+future+information.html

### Improvements

* The `url` method supports International Resource Identifiers (URLs
  with non-ASCII characters), [Issue 40][40]
* The path builder ( `/` ) conveniently accepts any value type
  (`AnyVal`) [Issue 43][43]

[40]: https://github.com/dispatch/reboot/issues/40
[43]: https://github.com/dispatch/reboot/pull/43

### Dependency updates

* async-http-client 1.7.11 (with *Android* compatibility)
* json4snative, json4sjackson 3.2.4
