Defining requests
-----------------

Dispatch requests are defined using the [RequestBuilder][rb] class of
the underlying library. Everything that can be expressed with
Dispatch's builders and "verbs" can be performed directly on that
lower level interface.

[rb]: http://asynchttpclient.github.com/async-http-client/apidocs/com/ning/http/client/RequestBuilder.html


### Domains and paths

Request definitions are initialized with a URL or domain name.

#### Free-form URLs

The function `url` belongs to the `dispatch` package. It is typically
imported by wildcard. If it becomes shadowed by a local `url` value,
you can always refer to it as `dispatch.url`.

```scala
val myRequest = url("http://example.com/some/path")
```

With this builder it is up to the application to construct valid URLs.

#### Explicit host builder

To dynamically build up requests, Dispatch provides a number of
builders and verbs (symbolic methods). First, you need a host.

```scala
val myHost = host("example.com")
```

A port can be specified as a second parameter.

```scala
val myHost = host("example.com", 8888)
```

When no port is specified, the protocol default is used.

#### Using HTTPS

When using the host builder, the `secure` method specifies that the
HTTPS must be used for the request.

```scala
val mySecureHost = host("example.com").secure
```

#### Appending path elements

Path elements may be added to requests with the `/` method.

```scala
val myRequest = myHost / "some" / "path"
```

Each added element is URL-encoded, so that spaces and non-ASCII
letters may be added freely. A forward-slash will also be encoded such
that it does not serve as a path-separator; the `/` method is for
appending *single* path elements.
